CHEAT SHEET

1. Create a folder for your project: bletreviewer 
2. cd beltReviewer{go into the project} 
3. Initialize a javascript package for the project using: npm init -y 
4. Install dependencies: npm install express cors mongoose 
5. Create a server.js file in the project folder.
6. create a server folder in the project folder.
7.Make 4 directories in the server folder: config, models, controllers, routes.
8. Make a mogoose.config.js file in the config folder.
9. Set up the config.js file as usual --> make sure you change name of db to something unique that you havent used yet.
10. Set up server.js as usual(remember to require the mongoose config, dont require the routes yet b/c they have not been created yet) - also remember the app.use() commands for post data.

11. CHECKPOINT: Test it using nodemon server.js (running the server) to make sure it says established connection with db.

12. Create a model file as usual in the models folder. Set up model according to wireframe and project requirements.
13. Create a controller file in the controllers folder, and set up the controllers to work with your models the you imported- Conrtoller file needs the import to connect with the model. Have the CRUD functions in the controllers.
14. Create a routes file in the routes folder and set up routes. Import the controllers in the routes file. Make sure the methods in the controllers are referenced in the routes.
15. In server.js import(require) the routes and pass the app object to it(make sure this is the second to last line in server.js- basically the require routes part is underneathe the app.use parts)

16. CHECKPOINT: test all routes using postman before building the front end.
17. Enable CORS -> in server.js import it and then insert the app.use(cors()) command.
18. NPX create-react-app client inside the project folder.
19. Install dependencies for REACT-> cd into client folder and run npm install axios react-router-dom
20. BUILD OUT FRONT-END
20. Revert to react version 17 and run npm install at the end.
project folder - nodemon server.js..... client folder - npm start

npm install @material-ui/core --legacy-peer-deps

1 = lowercase plur
2 = cap sing
3 = low sin
4 = caps plural